<table align="center" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <th colspan="2">Meeting Information</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Date</td>
          <td>03/04/2024</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Time</td>
          <td>10:25 to 11 AM (35 min)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Format</td>
          <td>In-Person</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
    <td>
      <table align="center">
        <tr>
          <th colspan="2">Roll Call</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Status</th>
          <th>Attendee</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>:white_check_mark: Present</td>
          <td>Nirav, David, Annabel, Jeremy, Brian, Nathan</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>:x: Absent</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Progress Report

- Brian completed a swap into S3 Blob storage. He is assigned to help out the
  team in whatever they are working on.

- Nirav got Three.js running in the development environment, and is working on
  loading up models.

- Nathan isn't sure he can finish all that he assigned himself, but can get
  refactoring the sysadmin styling done.

- Jeremy implemented a new car type filter in the "Browse Vehicles" page.

- David is continuing helping Nirav out and has been assigned to work on coming
  up with the content of the presentation.

### Problems Encountered

- Development has slowed down due to external circumstances, the team will
  accelerate during the weekend.

- Jeremy explained his issues regarding adding new fields in the pre-existing
  database schema.

### Sharing of Information

- The team went over the professor's recent announcements regarding
  presentations requirements, additional Sprint 4 requirements.

- The team agreed on everyone presenting in front, since we all worked on the
  project.

- Annabel volunteered to design the PowerPoint slides in Canva, the team has
  agreed on this.

- The team will create review PRs to show that code reviews are being done.

- David will be spear-heading the presentation.

- David sent an email to the TA regarding our unique feature.

- David will be emailing the TA for a last meeting for Tuesday, the 16th of
  April, 2024.
