<table align="center" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0">
  <tr>
    <td>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <th colspan="2">Meeting Information</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Date</td>
          <td>03/13/2024</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Time</td>
          <td>11:30 to 12:15 PM (45 min)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>Meeting Format</td>
          <td>Online</td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
    <td>
      <table align="center">
        <tr>
          <th colspan="2">Roll Call</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>Status</th>
          <th>Attendee</th>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>✅Present</td>
          <td>Nirav, David, Annabel, Jeremy, Brian, Nathan</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>❌Absent</td>
          <td></td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Progress Report

- A minimally viable form of the features was implemented.

- Given a new framework for everyone, progress is clearly visible and should not
  be undermined.

### Problems Encountered

- The UI and routing is a little rough around the edges. There could be a little
  more communication regarding that way before the deadline-rush even needs to
  happen.

- There was a lack of checking-in on the members. There should be a little more
  of it to better reflect actual time estimates.

- Modifications done in the last minute should be avoided. This can be resolved
  through the creation of pull requests way earlier before the deadline. This
  would both enable other members to provide reviews and would help the member
  resolve integration conflicts quickly.

### Sharing of Information

- The team first held a retrospective on the work that was done for Sprint 2.

- The team discussed what went well, what went wrong, what could be improved and
  what should be done in Sprint 3.

- Brian volunteered to be assigned the check-in and check-out process. He
  explained that he will need to modify the database schema to prepare for the
  implementation of his newly assigned features. He will also need to setup a
  company email for contacting-related purposes. He will also look into emailing
  a password-reset verification.

- Nathan will finish the client dashboard displaying reservations. He will also
  look into another database to host images for the website.

- Nirav will re-implement the back-end logic of the "book a reservation"
  feature. He will provide functionality for Jeremy to setup filters for his
  "browse vehicles" page.

- The team agreed on reaching a 50% completion mark by Sunday, the 17th of
  March, and should be fully done implementing their feature by Sunday, the 20th
  of March.

- Nathan suggest Nirav to use search parameters rather than slugs for the "book
  a reservation" feature.

- Brian will have the schema modification done by today, the 13th of March.
